---
layout: post
title: Iris Lab Recap
subtitle: Recount of My Experience with the Iris Lab
gh-repo: daattali/beautiful-jekyll
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [test]
comments: true
---

### Goal Of The Lab

This lab was an introduction to reading and manipulating datasets from csv files. We were using the Iris dataset which detailed different measurements about 3 types of Irises. The task was to figure out Which of the 3 species had the longest average petal and the widest average sepal.

### Logic Behind the Code

When I first saw what I needed to do my first thoughts were:

1. I need to be able to determine how many types of flowers there are in the database
2. I need a way to iterate through the entire dataset and collect the measurements needed from each type of flower
3. Once I can do both of those I want to make sure my code is as elegant as possible

I declared all of my arrays after importing CSV which is all necessary to store and read the data from the dataset. I then read the dataset as a dictionary extracting the species names, petal lengths and sepal widths. I wrote 2 helper functions, 1 to average all of the elements within a given list and another that will give me the index of the largest element, which I use to return my answer. I then use a for loop to insert the average petal length and sepal width of each species of flower within their respective arrays and print out the species with the same index in the species array.

The hardest part of this lab was probably doing the clean up because I initially made each answer into a seperate process and then realized I could basically half the amount of code that I needed to write. I learned how to actually take and manipulate data from an external dataset and write code to interpret it. I wonder if I could write code to take one dataset, manipulate it, and then write that new data to a new CSV file

Longest Petals: Iris-Virginica
Widest Sepals: Iris Setosa
