---
layout: post
title: Sample blog post
subtitle: Each post also has a subtitle
gh-repo: daattali/beautiful-jekyll
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [test]
comments: true
---

### Coding Experience

I have spent quite a bit of time within the field of computer science. I started with compsci 1 during the summer before my 9th grade, followed up by me taking compsci 2 during 10th grade. During 10th grade I also attended **Bloomberg Startup**, which taught me the basics of Python. I took part of a program called **All Star Code** during the summer before 11th grade, where I learned how to use HTML, CSS and Javascript. During 11th grade I took AP Compsci and during this past summer I took part in Hackmann in addition to taking an Intro to AI class offered by columbia. Lastly I have been a part of HM robotics since 8th grade, doing middleschool robotics and then moving to FTC, ~~Where I'm currently the Hardware Head and Team Manager.~~ So, I have quite a bit of experience in the field.

### One of My Hobbies

I'm a big fan of reading, mostly works of fiction. I started with the Percy Jackson Series by _Rick Riordan_, reading all of the Percy Jackson Series, Heroes of Olympus stories, and The Kane Chronicles. I'm currently in the middle of the Magnus Chase series and have been enjoying it so far. I've also been reading stories that have been translated from other languages, the most recent being one story called Kill the Hero by _D-Dart_. The story is from the perspective of Kim Woo-jin, who previously was the right hand man of the percieved hero of this world that was turned into a video game. He was betrayed and sent back in time after his death, with his goal now being to _Kill The Hero_

### My Future Hopes

I'm looking forward to be **DONE** with all of the work for college, As it's extra work that doesn't allow for me to be fully focused in my classes, which is annoying because I like all of the ones I have this year
